Responsible for bringing her into the world
Demon hous
Die
Turn yourselves in
Scum family
Go away
Die
Bloodsucking devil
Go away
We did our best, but it wasn't any good.
She's... a demon child.
Blood
Scum
Trash
Himiko Age 3
Himiko Age 2
Stop!
Trash
Shit
Atone
Die
Devil
No one will accept that part of you!
You can't just do whatever you want!
Apologize
The only way to atone is to die
Himiko, your face looks scary!
Control yourself!
Vampire Family
Die to atone!!
I'm saying this for your own good!
Murderer
Bloodsucking devil
I want to be a little birdie.
Cheep, cheep. Flap, flap. They're so cute.
I want to be like Kei.
All smiles and dimples. So lovely.
Every night, I dream
of a red sparrow dancing.
Tap dancing on my tummy.
After a while, it starts
pecking at my bellybutton
and starts dancing inside me.
I get dyed red, too,
and I become so, so cute.
The dream feels good. It makes me happy.
They abandoned everything, huh?
I can't believe even a madwoman like
you has a heart with feelings.
I was just wondering what
happened to my house.
It's normal.
So you've prepared yourself, then?
For what?
To end this pathetic world.
I was already prepared for that.
Good.
Whether you cry or laugh, tomorrow
will come with impartiality.
If that's the case, then
let's laugh, Himiko Toga.
People live to laugh!
They'll find us, Toya.
You're so kind, though.
There's no one with the stamina to
catch us with their current forces.
And I'm only kind because
I want Endeavor to suffer!
You can use it--
with Transform.
With your blood and its ability to use
the Quirk of those you truly love
and the blood I got from the real
Twice before Machia whisked us off...
Sad Man's Parade.
Let's continue his march of grief.
Then, we'll be the ones
with the last laugh.
Shigaraki.
You oka--
Don't worry.
Tomura is recovering nicely.
He's overcoming the Quirk Doomsday Theory.
That is... Shigaraki, right?
Yes, of course.
Spinner,
you must know the percentage of all villain
crimes committed by heteromorphs.
Up until now, no matter how hard the
government and the heroes tried,
their light could not reach
into that darkness.
There are many heteromorphs who bear a
grudge against those called heroes.
Spinner is a spokesperson
We survivors have paved the way.
When the League of Villains first started,
the public was exposed to your form,
and even your copycat costume
is becoming a star that
guides other heteromorphs.
There's not much to be worshipped.
I don't have a great cause or anything.
I just--
The die is cast.
Forget the jailbreakers for now.
The rioters are waiting for you.
You will pull the trigger
in Re-Destro's place.
No matter what a regular
citizen like me thinks,
this can't be stopped anymore.
Your one step will give everyone courage.
...it all...
I'll destroy it all...
I'm not going to think about it anymore.
Shigaraki,
I just wanted, for your sake...
That's right, Iguchi.
Anyone can become someone's hero!
Let You Down
U.A.
Evacuee Residential Area
We've received orders.
What were they?
He anticipated that we would not
be able to do whatever we want.
Stir things up.
Get those in the opposition who are
still lying dormant involved.
U.A. already knows that Tomura Shigaraki
will be able to move again in a week.
They're hiding the fact that a
crisis will be upon us soon.
Stir things up.
So that Izuku Midoriya will not be
able to return to that stronghold.
Those of us who joined the search for the
Liberation Front and League of Villains
were able to capture a
number of jailbreakers,
but the search itself was unsuccessful.
I-I'm so tired...
The search area is too big...
With so many fewer heroes,
it's a big problem.
Yeah.
Let us go to bed promptly.
Our youth is our strong point.
Every action we take
connects to our strength.
They told us to get stronger, too.
Everyone, don't forget to brush your teeth!
Don't you want some time to
talk about dirty things?
Not really, but I know what you mean.
I wanna hurry up and take a bath.
Yeah.
We don't even have time to talk.
Please...
let this place...
continue to be his hero academia!
I haven't thanked her properly yet.
Urara--
I am here! Like I am every day!
Hey... You seem really energetic...
Yeah! Who would've guessed!
Detective Tsukauchi...
and the principal, too?
Are you here about Aoyama?
And what comes after.
Right now, we are only telling
a select number of people.
We will now discuss the final plan
for the second decisive battle.
The next morning
This is an announcement for all
the evacuees currently at U.A.
The heroes and police have combined
forces to investigate,
and they have found that Tomura
Shigaraki of the League of Villains,
the source of unprecedented disaster,
will resume activities in four days.
Therefore, in order to
guarantee your safety,
all parts of U.A. will be under
martial law in four days,
and all defenses will be
increased to maximum levels.
When the evacuation system takes effect,
it will limit your movements.
We apologize for the inconvenience
and we thank you all for
your understanding.
Everyone!
Thank you very much!
Mr. Deku! Are you really leaving?
Yeah.
I've had enough of a break
to rest and get cleaned up.
Your safety is our chief concern.
Just one thing--
Please be ready for the evacuation
system to activate at any time.
Honest to a fault.
If he just stayed protected here,
the big man would've had
trouble getting to him.
But with this, our orders were
fulfilled without us doing anything!
With this, our future is guaranteed!
After leaving U.A.,
we moved to a new headquarters
30 kilometers from school,
the makeshift fortress, Troy.
Makeshift Fortress "Troy"
Because we have Cementos,
Power Loader, and Ectoplasm,
we were able to build this quickly.
It's nowhere near as strong
as U.A., but it's sturdy.
Everyone, take your bags to your
rooms and then get ready.
They really paid respect to
the Heights Alliance design.
How kind.
I hope it doesn't turn into
our final resting places.
Don't say that!
Uraraka!
Oh, Deku!
Are you done unpacking?
Yeah. I didn't bring much with me.
Same. I just have a change of clothes.
Uraraka, thanks for what
you said back then.
I didn't get a chance to thank
you, but I really appreciate it.
Oh, that was just...
You really think about all the little
details, huh? You haven't changed.
What are you doing outside?
Oh... I was looking at the city.
I'm weird, aren't I?
No, you're not!
You're strong, and brave, and your
hair style looks great on you,
and you're kind and cool and--
That's not what I meant.
Back then, when I was talking
on top of the school building,
I started thinking about Himiko
Toga all of a sudden.
When we were fighting one-on-one
during Gigantomachia's progression,
I said things that I thought
were just common sense.
She looked really sad hearing them.
She's a villain who did this to the city--
who stole so many people's
lives and happiness.
It's not a matter of forgiving
her or not anymore.
I know this.
But...
I don't know what is common sense for her.
I was just thinking that I don't
know anything about Himiko Toga.
That's why I was looking at the city.
So I won't forget the abominable
scene from that day...
So I won't think about
anything unnecessary...
It's the same for me.
Huh?
Inside Shigaraki, I saw
a little boy crying.
Even if I can't avoid fighting,
I don't want to ignore
what's deep inside him.
Then, we're both weird.
Sorry to make you worry about me.
I'm fine now.
I have an older brother, too.
There's no comparing our families.
I don't even know what Toya likes.
It's definitely udon. The really hot kind.
In that case, I'll eat some with him.
We'll definitely stop them.
Ochaco Uraraka
3 days later
Lies won't work on me.
I'll be able to tell if someone has the
slightest bit of ill will toward me.
What was the name of that Quirk again?
It was during the early
days of superpowers,
and it was combined with something
else, so I'm not sure...
I think its owner was a boring guy.
His descendants were better, though.
A twist of fate
brought one of them to work with All
Might to drive me into a corner.
But this time, that Quirk will help me win.
There is no greater joy than when
the seeds you sow bear fruit.
We're all doing well, as usual.
I want to drink some liquor.
Some 40-year Macallan would be nice.
I can have my son bring you a bottle
that was aged for 16 years.
That'll do.
Can you give me your son's
contact information?
Just in case.
Yes, of course.
You never know what will
happen these days, Uncle.
Yes, that's true.
No lies or ill will.
Completely clear.
Even if she's questioned later,
it won't be a problem.
This will be the last time we use this
idiotic method of encoded talk.
Until tomorrow, then.
Yes, until tomorrow.
Shall we go?
Thanks for coming.
Aoyama, why are you here?
I thought you were in a police cell...
My parents' lawyer got me released.
I'll tell the others! We can
start searching again--
Wait.
I want to talk to you.
It's funny, isn't it?
That in this crumbling Japan,
the courts are still working.
What can we become in this world, living
the way we've lived until now?
Aoyama...
I'll tell you All For One's true goal.
Do you know what the rest of the world
is like now, with Japan like this?
Nikkei Average
Compared to previous day
Yen Exchange Rate
The value of the yen has
suddenly taken a nosedive,
and many Japanese companies are
starting to declare bankruptcy.
In addition, all the villains
are becoming active at once,
and damage is spreading
across whole nations.
The world is in a panic similar to
the Great Depression, or when
Quirks first appeared.
Worldwide unemployment, currency
collapse, widespread panic.
What are you talking about, Aoyama?
If we lose the strength to
enforce long-term policies,
we can only focus on the safety
of what's in front of us,
resulting in war and poverty.
The other countries have abandoned Japan
because they need to prioritize
their own safety.
In a world like that, if someone appears
in a country impacted by drought
with a Quirk that can
produce potable water...
Or electricity, or gas, or strength...
As the world moves into a
state of decline and chaos,
it forms the foundation for a single
overwhelming person to take the initiative.
He can become the world's demon lord.
Only one thing is needed to
upset that equilibrium.
I don't think it matters what.
That's not right. The
world wouldn't allow it.
Besides, we're still here!
Yeah. That's why this has to be the end.
I'm sorry.
I want to protect Papa and Maman!
All For One!
Good job, Yuga Aoyama.
It was scary to betray
your friends, wasn't it?
Isn't it distressing to be trusted?
Good job overcoming that.
All that talk about my
ultimate goal was great.
It's not entirely accurate, though.
Did you hear about it from
your mommy and daddy?
Yes...
They said you promised we
would be happy in your world.
I trusted you!
My feelings can't be described...
by just the word "distressed," Uncle!
You ungrateful--
Your acting was too realistic, Aoyama!
What else could I do? We
had to get him out here!
Besides, your acting was amazing, too!
Even if we were just trying to lure
him out, when I saw those tears--
I was so scared, it wasn't
just tears that came out--
I wet myself, too!
You did good, Aoyama!
For Papa and Maman's sakes,
for everyone else, and for myself, too--
I will fight All For One!
How disappointing.
What is the meaning of this?
I can bring him out. Just tell me when.
In our contact right before,
and in the conversation with his parents,
there were no lies or ill will.
How did they...?
No, it doesn't matter.
Even if it was a trap, One For
All is in front of me now.
Search can tell me the location and
weaknesses of what it has seen.
The heroes Tomura saw in the previous battle
are spread out around the country.
They won't be able to come help right away.
That's why we were able to bring so
many here without being noticed.
They're already too late!
All For One...!
Kurogiri...
How did they use him?
But this could save me some trouble... Hm?
Papa and Maman told me this, too--
"That's why the thing All For One hates most
is for the world to know
that Japan isn't done yet.
That we show them that there's
light after the recovery,
causing the world to unite as one."
That's why today, we will defeat you here!
Preview
Here's the preview!
The last decisive battle between heroes
and villains has finally begun!
For the heroes' plan to
separate the villains,
the key players are Aoyama,
Shinso, with his Quirk, Brainwashing,
and Monoma, with his Quirk, Copy.
We will make sure this plan succeeds!
Next time, "Division"!
Next time: Division
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!